The nerve center of mech operations, mech segments are provided in three seperate series for the mechs. The E Series, a lightweight but efficient model headpiece that offers increased vision with advanced sensors but sacrifices armour for weight and visual output. The I Series offers more armour capability for reduced visual output and increased weight. The A series provides incredible armour and resistance but suffers from low vision and burdening weight issues.
Mech Torso segments house the tertiary weapon attachments that make a mech such a lethal weapon on the battlefield with the E, I and A series models to outfit yourself from. The E Series provides a small and lightly armoured frame which makes it move with ease and provides a small target but lacks armour to sustain incoming hits. The I series offers more armour with penalties to movement speed and weight. The A Series is the heaviest of the three but heavily penalises movement and is encumbered by heavy weight.
The lower torso segment comprises the mechs waist which has great impact upon the movement within the mechs Legs. The E Series waist is the lightest and best in terms of movement efficiency in conjunction with the legs. The I Series confers a level of armour greater than that of the E series, capable of taking ongoing fire for limited amounts of time with a sacrifice to its movement capabilities. The A Series provides a much higher level of armour protection with heavy impact on movement and weight.
Leg segments allow a mech to traverse most forms of terrain with some variants providing increased armour and others increasing movement. The E Series offers the most significant efficiency with movement however lacks armour heavily and can only sustain a few hits. The I Series grants the mech moderate armour and moderate speed with moderate weight. The A Series maximises the armour efficiency by sacrificing movement and weight.
For increased accuracy and improved firing angles in engagements, firing systems are attached to these arm segments that provide the bulk of mech ordnance in firefights. The E Series arm is lightweight and slim, allowing for quick reactions and precise aim for the mech pilot. The I Series is the standard choice for most mechs as it has moderate armour and moderate mobility capabilities. The E Series provides a major armour boost while penalising mobility greatly.
