Automated Cannons have been a favourite choice for most mech pilots since the inception of mech warfare, these rapid firing machine cannons barrage enemy targets with large anti-mechanical projectiles that shred through armour with repeated fire. The simpleness of this point and shoot cannon make it a reliable weapon against opposing mechs, especially those with low armour. The weapon proves unreliable for effective fire against buildings and operates primarily as an anti-personnel weapon.
In the war of firearms development, weapons companies have spent fortunes on advancing their understanding of weaponry and to recover ancient weapons from the old-world ruins scattered across the land. In this quest for advanced firepower, the chaingun was born. With gyrating cylinders and rotating heat-sinks, the chaingun is a devastating rapid-firing projectile weapon that is capable of blasting through the densest of metals.
Comprised of a weighty tungsten outer shell casing and an inner explosive compound, mortar and grenade launchers provide rapid acceleration to the explosive shells, suitable for use in fast assaults and a favourite choice for shock infantry mechs. The weapon variant is excellent for nullifying enemy cover and damaging groups of clustered enemies, however the weapon is not effective at the destruction of structural buildings with its comparatively low explosive capacity to average high explosive rockets.

A launcher developed to deploy rockets with high explosive yields at incredible velocity towards enemy fortifications or vehicles. The launchers design is based upon early rocket propelled grenade launcher technology, it has been tweaked and redesigned to work with increased accuracy alongside mech infantry in the field, functioning as an accurate mounted rocket system with the mechs it is outfitted with.
Wide firing scattershot weapons capable of sending large portions of shrapnel in a wide cone before the mech. The shrapnel is released from large slugs which break once the weapon is shot, firing out torrents of metal shards to perforate enemy structures or targets. At close range, several shrapnel shards are more likely to hit single targets, dealing heavy damage to armour and internal circuitry within the mechs.
Long ranged and deadly, Sniper Cannons, with the help of advanced scopes, are one of the longest ranged offensive weapons that mech pilots have access to outfit their mechs with. These cannons are applicable to all mechs with variations between Light, Medium and Heavy variants with the former capable of punching holes straight through most mech hulls.
Small and compact by mech standards, Snub Cannons fire a single shot projectile which provides a high impact blast on contact with the target. A common backup weapon for mech pilots that is used in emergencies when firing with a primary is hindered. The Snub Cannons do moderate damage to enemy mechs and are one of the go-to choices for a reserve weapon.