Roland Herrera: “Sai, how’s it lookin’?”
Takahashi Sai: “Exposed, but I think we can make it work.”
Roland Herrera: “Right... Canter, Sai, keep watch. Finley, start moving some of those boxes, I want a spot we can hole up in while we wait for the train.”
Travis Canter: “On it, Boss.”
Marlin Finley: “I hope these are empty... These arent empty.”
Roland Herrera: “Move it, Finley.”
Marlin Finley: “Im going, Im going!”
-Sounds of boxes being moved and lifted.
Marlin Finley: “What’s even in these? They are so heavy.”
Takahashi Sai: “Could you be any louder?”
Marlin Finley: “Feel free to take over if you can do it better, Missy.”
-More sounds of boxes being moved around and lifted for a while.
Marlin Finley: “Ahh, Last one. Finally I can take a bre-.”
-The sound of the train becomes audible as it gets closer fast.
Marlin Finley: “Ugh…”
Roland Herrera: “Trains here, get ready to grab a mech.”
-The train rolls up and settles at the station with the black market logo on its carriage.
Travis Canter: “Still got no idea how you managed to get us these.”
Roland Herrera: “My contacts consider it a gift. We’ve got a lot of work lined up for us and these mechs will make it a lot easier.”
Marlin Finley: “I’ll say, I got dibs on the sniper.”
Roland Herrera: “Negative. That's Sai’s.”
Marlin Finley: “The heavy?”
Roland Herrera: “Travis.”
Travis Canter: “Heh, You’ll get one, dont worry.”
Takahashi: “You can always take a standard type.”
Marlin Finley: “The last one in here is a standard type.”
Takahashi: “Perfect match for you then.”
Train Crew: “You lot get that ordinance off yet?”
Roland Herrera: “Almost. Give us a few min-”
-A loud explosion strikes the side of the train station and the sounds of gunfire begin to sound.
Train Crew: “What the hell was that?! What did you do?”
Travis Canter: “Not us! We’ve got hostiles swarming the train station!”
Takahashi Sai: “Its outcasts! A Lot of them!”
Train Crew: “Get those mechs out there and keep them off the train then! Otherwise were all screwed!”
Roland Herrera: “You heard him, start shooting back! I don't want even one of those savages getting near that train.”
-Combat happens, gameplay goes on.
Marlin Finley: “Uh, am I the only one wondering why we don't just high tail it out of here? Let them have the train, it aint ours.”
Takahashi Sai: “How do you think that will look like to Rolands ‘contacts’?”
Marlin Finley: “So? What does it matter?”
Roland Herrera: “Sai is right. We pick up our mechs and leave during this outcast attack? That will look awfully suspicious, don't you think?”
Marlin Finley: “Urgh.. I guess so. Screw these guys.”
-Fighting continues until enemies are down to their last units.
Travis Canter: “It looks like these are the last ones! We’ve got this handled.”
Roland Herrera: “Push up and lets send them packing!”
-The last enemy mech is destroyed and explodes.
Marlin Finley: “Ayy, that guy blew up real good.”
Takahashi Sai: “That looks like it was all of them boss.”
Roland Herrera: “Copy that, good work everyone. Keep a look out. I’ll get that train moving, then we can all piss off out of here.”
